# docs
Discussions about forming a Documentation Work Group

## Existing Discussion Threads

*Please add additional items here.*

- [Original discussion in **jupyterlab/team-compass**](https://github.com/jupyterlab/team-compass/issues/212)
- [Issue discussed in **jupyterhub/mybinder.org-deploy**](https://github.com/jupyterhub/mybinder.org-deploy/issues/2732)
- [Jupyter Discourse post](https://discourse.jupyter.org/t/improving-documentation-tutorials-with-a-new-jupyter-working-group/21293)
- [Governance repo question about where to discuss the workgroup](https://github.com/jupyter/governance/issues/184)
